---
substitutions:
  date: "Monday April 2nd, 2022"
  time: "6:30pm - 7:30pm PST"
  meeting_link: https://meet.google.com/hnr-fwck-pod?authuser=0
---

# DaanMatch - Scoping

📅 {{ date }} <br>
🕔 {{ time }} <br>
🔗 {{ meeting_link }} <br>

## 1. Call to Order

- Patrick Guo - guopatrick.comping@gmail.com
- Cara Foss Arellano - cara.arellano@berkeley.edu
- Carlos Rubinstein - carlitos750@gmail.com
- Kenneth Kron - kronsensei@gmail.com
- Alan Manewitz - alan.manewitz@ai-strategies.net

## 2. Main Topics

:::{admonition} Aim to officially launch at [CSR Summit](https://indiacsrsummit.in/) in November 9-10th.
Venue: Hotel Pullman, New Delhi <br>
Aim to have a beautiful, functioning, convincing MVP with data analysis and visualizations by November 1st.
:::

:::{admonition} Proof of concept on ground with a bunch of NGOs - Deadline: June
DECISION: Work on progressive web app till July.
DECISION: Filter NGO onboarding list to those that can read English.

1. Data Collection
    - The Activity description or select box?
    - Task list with an ‘other’ button. If ‘other’ is selected, show a text field to capture the activity
    - Multiple Pictures:
        - The chit
        - The [Aadhaar](https://uidai.gov.in/)/PAN card
        - Picture of the activity
    - Short video
    - Short audio
2. Authentication - at least login that supports adding NGO users
3. Freeze the user-interface in the next week
4. GPS tracking - At 15 minute intervals
5. Fieldworker self-id
6. Back door access to the collected data
7. *Need translators for Language Localization ASAP (Aim to have English, Hindi)
8. *Gamification?
9. *Daily Summary
10. *Conforming to [checklist.design](https://www.checklist.design/)
11. *OCR

:::

:::{admonition} Asking Justin Meyers to join us as our GIS problem solver today
He's between gigs, very experienced, and into India and HELPING.
:::

:::{admonition} Michael Koegel
Asked Michael Koegel to to officially join the advisory board. He may be our first advisory from Cal.
:::

:::{admonition} Sukhendra Rompally of Chezuba
Asked to officially represent on the advisory board. Not expecting a yes but he’s a good friend to us.
:::

:::{note}
High school Intern only ready after June.
:::

## 3. Action Items

- [ ] Cara: Give Patrick list of what to give Justin Meyers
- [ ] Cara: help Carlos finalize the task list dropdown
- [ ] Carlos + Kenneth: list of qualifications for a programmer
- [ ] Cara: Provide ordered list for Kenneth for progressive web app deployment
- [ ] Cara: Ping Patrick about GIS data

## 4. Closing
