---
substitutions:
  date: "Wed April 27th, 2022"
  time: "7:30am - 8:30am PST"
  meeting_link:  https://meet.google.com/hnr-fwck-pod?authuser=0
---

# DaanMatch - Check-in - MINUTES

📅 {{ date }} <br>
🕔 {{ time }} <br>
🔗 {{ meeting_link }} <br>

## 1. Role call

- Patrick Guo - guopatrick.comping@gmail.com
- Cara Foss Arellano - cara.arellano@berkeley.edu
- Carlos Rubinstein - carlitos750@gmail.com
- Kenneth Kron - kronsensei@gmail.com
- Jaideep Misra - misrajaideep95@gmail.com
- Alan Manewitz - alan.manewitz@ai-strategies.net

## 2. Add on to questions made by Jaideep + Carla

Shayeka is targeting NGOs that we are already communicating. Screen the NGOs to see whether they would fit into our model. Find a few non-profits that will immediately fit into our project. E.g. do they have a website, are they doing a programme such as a distribution project that our app can track, do they have the paperwork in place?

<b> Request </b> for rest of DaanMatch team to review and add questions by tonight.

<b> Action Item: </b> Convert spreadsheet to Form.

## 3. TiEcon

<b> Request </b> for DaanMatch team to join Deep Dive meeting at 7:00pm PST.

<b> Action Item: </b> Cara will send out Target requirements for TieCon.

## 4. Calendars 

<b> Request </b> for Team to accept the request sent by info@daanamatch.com to share their Google calendar to assist everyone with ad hoc meetings and additional scheduling. 

<b> Action Item: </b> Update your calendar with your LMTFA times, accept request to share your calendar (or pose alternate option), and remember to set the share to busy/free. 
