---
substitutions:
  date: "Monday April 2nd, 2022"
  time: "6:30pm - 7:30pm PST"
  meeting_link: https://meet.google.com/hnr-fwck-pod?authuser=0
---

# DaanMatch - Scoping

📅 {{ date }} <br>
🕔 {{ time }} <br>
🔗 {{ meeting_link }} <br>

## 1. Call to Order

- Patrick Guo - guopatrick.comping@gmail.com
- Cara Foss Arellano - cara.arellano@berkeley.edu
- Carlos Rubinstein - carlitos750@gmail.com
- Kenneth Kron - kronsensei@gmail.com
- Jaideep Misra - misrajaideep95@gmail.com
- Alan Manewitz - alan.manewitz@ai-strategies.net

## 2. Main Topics

:::{admonition} Aim to officially launch at CSR Summit in November
Need a beautiful, functioning, convincing MVP with data analysis and visualizations by November 1st.
:::

:::{admonition} Proof of concept on ground with a bunch of NGOs
<b> Deadline: </b> June 1st
:::

:::{admonition} Q3
Understand the 3 most valuable Deliverables for your area and the project as a whole
:::

Would like to .
We probably need a beautiful, functioning, convincing MVP with data analysis and visualizations by November 1st when I get on a plane for Delhi?
Feedback:
Feedback:
Feedback:
Feedback:
Feedback
 
We're going to need the proof of concept on ground with a bunch of NGOs by June 1st.
Feedback:
Feedback:
Feedback:
Feedback:
Feedback:


FYI - I'm asking Justin Meyers to join us as our GIS problem solver today. He's between gigs, very experienced, and into India and HELPING.
Feedback:
Feedback:
Feedback:
Feedback:
Feedback:
 
I asked Michael Koegel to try to squeeze us into his schedule and to officially join the advisory board. He’s actually our first advisory from Cal, so hope he’ll come on.


Also asked Sukhendra Rompally of Chezuba to officially represent on the advisory board. Not expecting a yes but he’s a good friend to us.
